Drudge Report
USA PEAK VIRUS NOW:  New daily case record of 60,209...
https://www.barrons.com/news/us-posts-new-daily-virus-case-record-of-60-209-johns-hopkins-01594169104
MODEL: 208,000 deaths by November...
https://www.cnn.com/webview/world/live-news/coronavirus-pandemic-07-07-20-intl/h_c5c9c0b1f6e8db4ffbd3dc5dcca35387
COVER UP:  Florida STILL not reporting how many hospitalized...
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/us/florida-still-not-reporting-how-many-hospitalized-with-covid-desantis-wont-say-why/ar-BB16sfEO
Residents worry situation will get much worse...
https://www.stamfordadvocate.com/news/article/Florida-invited-the-nation-to-its-reopening-15392818.php
'Desperation science' slows hunt for drugs...
https://apnews.com/db08697f6260038f196b1106fe574228
Brain damage 'epidemic'?
https://www.thesun.co.uk/news/12061825/coronavirus-brain-damage-epidemic-mild-cases-inflammation/
Neurological problems linked to even mild infections...
https://news.yahoo.com/brain-problems-linked-even-mild-virus-infections-study-102940044.html
Churches Now Major Source of Cases...
https://dnyuz.com/2020/07/08/churches-were-eager-to-reopen-now-they-are-a-major-source-of-coronavirus-cases/
Texas Holds at High...
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/07/07/texas-says-new-coronavirus-cases-jumped-by-more-than-10000-for-the-first-time.html
County to arrest infected who refuse to self-isolate...
https://dfw.cbslocal.com/2020/07/07/texas-county-to-arrest-covid-positive-residents-who-refuse-to-self-isolate/
Sheriffs Refuse to Enforce Orders...
https://www.cbsnews.com/news/texas-sheriffs-refuse-to-enforce-governor-greg-abbott-mask-executive-order/
Lawyer attends court in hazmat suit...
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8498865/Florida-lawyer-attends-court-HAZMAT-SUIT-amid-COVID-19-pandemic.html
Trump troubles in Arizona mount with surge...
https://news.trust.org/item/20200708091430-2tprl
Mexico border towns try to stop Americans crossing...
https://www.theguardian.com/world/2020/jul/08/mexico-border-towns-stop-americans-crossing-covid-19-coronavirus
Stranded tourist begs to be rescued after being stuck in airport for 100 DAYS...
https://www.the-sun.com/news/1098646/tourist-stranded-coronavirus-real-life-terminal-tom-hanks/
UPDATE:  Brazil's skeptical president infected...
https://news.yahoo.com/australia-locks-down-millions-us-struggles-contain-virus-132732039.html
Panic-buying returns as Melbourne braces for lengthy lockdown...
https://news.yahoo.com/panic-buying-returns-melbourne-braces-lengthy-lockdown-032146627.html
MARY:  TRUMP ABUSED BY DAD
https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8498179/Donald-Trump-suffered-child-abuse-hands-father-niece-claims-book.html
NIECE EXPOSES DYNASTY
https://www.seattletimes.com/nation-world/trumps-worldview-forged-by-neglect-and-trauma-at-home-niece-mary-trump-says-in-new-book/
WHY SHE DID IT
https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/politics/the-inside-story-of-why-mary-trump-wrote-a-tell-all-memoir/ar-BB16srWv
;
Google
Texas doctors rank activities posing greatest risks for contracting coronavirus
https://www.foxnews.com/health/texas-doctors-rank-activities-posing-greatest-risks-for-contracting-coronavirus
WHO confirms there's 'emerging evidence' of airborne transmission of coronavirus
https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/08/health/airborne-transmission-of-coronavirus-who/index.html
Live updates: Dozens of Fla. hospitals run out of ICU beds as U.S. approaches 3 million coronavirus cases
https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2020/07/08/coronavirus-live-updates-us/
Tiny home, backyard cottage demand surges amid coronavirus pandemic
https://www.foxbusiness.com/lifestyle/coronavirus-driven-tiny-home-demand-sees-surge-in-suburbs
COVID-19 fears nix 2 concerts in Woodstock
https://www.ajc.com/news/local/covid-fears-nix-concerts-woodstock/Nkbj8KJ55S76wseKzLNHKI/
Texas passes 10,000 confirmed new coronavirus cases in single day
https://www.foxnews.com/us/texas-10000-new-coronavirus-cases-single-day
Coronavirus may technically be 'airborne,' but that may not matter for preventing its spread
https://www.livescience.com/coronavirus-airborne-transmission-debate.html
Coronavirus Live News and Updates
https://www.nytimes.com/2020/07/08/world/coronavirus-updates.html
Brazil's Jair Bolsonaro tests positive for Covid-19 after months of dismissing the seriousness of the virus
https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/07/americas/brazil-bolsonaro-positive-coronavirus-intl/index.html
Fauci warns against 'false complacency' as Trump touts falling coronavirus death rate
https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/07/politics/fauci-coronavirus-pandemic-us-response/index.html
Sports in the coronavirus era might need an asterisk
https://www.axios.com/sports-coronavirus-asterisk-608865ce-8785-484c-ac72-9e8e0182f7de.html
The man who had coronavirus firmly in his grasp, only to see it slip through his fingers
https://www.cnn.com/2020/07/08/middleeast/israel-coronavirus-second-wave-netanyahu-intl/index.html
China's jobs problem runs deeper than the coronavirus
https://www.cnbc.com/2020/07/08/chinas-jobs-problem-runs-deeper-than-the-coronavirus.html
Read Ohio&#8217;s new coronavirus order indefinitely extending the state&#8217;s mass-gathering ban, health rules for bus
https://www.cleveland.com/coronavirus/2020/07/read-ohios-new-coronavirus-order-indefinitely-extending-the-states-mass-gathering-ban-health-rules-for-businesses.html
Is There a Coronavirus Vaccine Yet?
https://www.fool.com/investing/2020/07/08/is-there-a-coronavirus-vaccine-yet.aspx
;
